hi today why don't you guys about ships
not the ones you can find on the sea but
the ones you can find in books movies
and TV shows for those of you don't know
I'm assuming that most of you will but
just to be on the safe side ship stands
for relationship and it means the
fictional couple from any kind of book
TV show or movie or anything else that
you would like to see end up together
by the way disclaimer this video might
contain some spoilers I'm obviously
mentioning people I would like to see
together or who are already together
it's kind of questionable spoiler
territory so via warned - let's start
out with my favorite book ships my OTP
Ron and Hermoine 99% of all the Harry
Potter fan fics I read were all about
Ron and Hermione from Wuthering Heights
Catherine and Heathcliff and Cathy
inheritance of course Pride and
Prejudice Elizabeth Bennett and mr.
Darcy Sense and Sensibility Elinor and
Edward for the hosts I ship both Wanda
in and Melanie and Jared and that one
that's maybe my most controversial shift
most of my ships are really normal
Katniss and Gale and I'm definitely
sticking with that one as you might have
noticed a lot of my favorite book ships
are from classics I don't really feel
passionate enough about it a lot of
couples in ya2 actually ship them now
we're moving on to television from
Gilmore Girls Rory and Jess Doctor Who
10 and rose from misfits Simon and
Alisha also possibly the best sex scene
in all of television history
from Teen Wolf Lydia and Stiles I'm
keeping my fingers crossed and finally
Firefly everyone the captain and Inara
Kaylee and Simon Zoe and wash
I should've all of it the next category
is movies first of all ten Things I Hate
About You
Kat and Patrick I didn't even know his
name was Patrick I had to look that up a
Knight's Tale Jocelyn and William
Thatcher so basically any of Heath
Ledger's young characters with the girl
in the movie Bridget and Darcy and
Bridget Jones's Diary Tony Stark and
Pepper Potts and Iron Man and from
Shakespeare and love will and viola
there are two extra categories the first
one is Disney my favorite Disney ship is
Tarzan and Jane
and then in the category other fold war
and quarrel from a very putter musical I
ship it in a comment you can let me know
what your favorite chips are but I'm
gonna have to ask you not to ship any
real-life people or youtubers because
it's just kind of uncomfortable and not
nice for anyone I hope you guys enjoyed
this video and I'll talk to you later
okay